(Child actors were accompanied
by a guardian...)
(and filmed in a safe,
supervised environment.)
- No way! Miss!
- I can do this.
- Fail! Dear Lord!
- I can do it.
- Let's do this. Let's go!
- Dear Lord.
Here I go!
What the...
Hey, are you kidding me?
What is this?
Hey, do-over.
I lost. I'm off.
- What?
- I'll leave.
We're moving.
So it's decided?
We're the ones moving?
By a coin toss?
Yes.
- I lost.
- What?
How did you toss it?
Did you roll it? Or did you flick it
with your wrist like this?
I flicked my wrist
and tossed it in an arc like this.
Man, you should've rolled it.
The odds are better that way.
How many rounds did you play?
Best of 5? Or best of 3?
- One shot.
- One shot?
It should've been best of three!
Let's do it over. Come on.
Get up. Let's go. Hurry.
- I lost. I can't just do it again.
- Dae Han, sit down.
Hey, come outside for a second.
I need to talk to you.
Come on, out.
What is with him? Seriously...
Something's fishy.
Don't you guys also think
he lost on purpose?
Yes, I think he did it
for our uncle.
Your dad put a lot of thought
into this decision,
so let's just go along with it.
I bet the family next door
is celebrating.
Tell me about it.
It must be a huge weight
off their shoulders.
So you won?
Yes, I won.
Honestly, it feels like
a huge weight's been lifted.
You decided such an important matter
with a coin toss?
Wait a minute.
What is all this about?
Woo Jae's family is moving? Why?
Eun Bin,
weren't you at the family meeting?
You skipped the family meeting
for that idol's birthday, right?
We told you, but you were busy
and said to decide on our own.
This is insane. Grandfather,
we have to do it over. Right?
- This whole thing is void!
- Quiet!
Let's go inside, Father.
No!
Why does Woo Jae's family
have to move?
It's uncomfortable having to
run into them all the time.
Like that's anything new?
It's always been awkward.
We've endured it for 30 years...
since our grandma
and their grandad's affair.
So why do they suddenly
have to move now?
It was the adults' decision.
Don't lie.
This was your scheme, wasn't it?
Me? The coin toss?
How could I have possibly rigged it
so they would lose?
I don't care.
I am not letting them move.
No, I can't let them!
That little brat. Darn it.
Her yelling will make my ears bleed.
Goodness.
Hey.
Let's do it over.
- Do what over?
- I'll give you a pass. Toss again.
Forget it.
If you were going to chicken out,
why suggest it in the first place?
Do you know how much I practiced
for the match of the century?
Why make me jump through hoops
for nothing?
It was fun, wasn't it?
Are you serious?
- Are you really going to move?
- Yes.
But keep our move a secret for now,
okay?
Our patients might worry
if word gets out.
Hey!
You always said
I took everything from you.
I'm finally getting out of your way
here in Onjeong.
So now,
you can do things your way...
without me
getting on your nerves. Got it?
Darling,
you've been through so much.
This hand saved our family,
didn't it?
He just had to be the bigger man
and act all cool.
What? What do you mean by that?
He let me win.
Really?
Goodness.
- You lost on purpose, didn't you?
- I keep telling you, I didn't.
Liar.
You've never once lost to Bucket.
Come on, tell me.
You let him win, didn't you?
Fine, I let him win. So what?
Why? I told you I don't care!
I'm fine!
- Enough. Skip breakfast tomorrow.
- Skip breakfast? Why?
- You have an endoscopy before work.
- No way. Forget it.
Dae Han, just this once,
let me do this one thing for you,
okay?
You've always been sacrificing
and giving things up for me.
That's ridiculous.
I've never done that.
You punk.
While Seong Mi and I were residents,
you were busy
taking care of our kids...
- and missed out on dating.
- That's not what happened. Hey.
I didn't marry her
out of desperation.
I really liked her.
It was my choice,
but it was the wrong one.
I'm the one who married a bad person
and had my marriage fall apart.
Why are you blaming yourself? Why?
- Stop arguing. My decision's final.
- Whatever!
Then what are you going to do
about the clinic?
What about all those patients
who are counting on you?
What, you think
I didn't think about that?
I'll handle it.
No, you're not moving.
Get that through your head.
Hey, Dae Han! Wait, seriously...
That stubborn kid.
Hey.
I'm thinking of taking a break
and getting a part-time job.
Don't even say that.
If you quit too, it'll kill Mom.
I'm not quitting.
I'm just taking a little break.
Why? Is something going on?
No, it's nothing.
I just feel like I'm the only one
not helping out financially.
Hey, Eun Bin. What's up?
Woo Jae! Don't move away.
I'll die before I let you go!
Hey, Eun Bin. First, just calm down.
I'll call you back later, okay?
All right, bye.
What was that?
I think she's actually into you.
Looks like it.
Gosh, what am I going to do?
What's there to do?
If you don't like her, just say so.
I did. But it's useless
no matter how many times I tell her.
Then just put up with it.
We're moving soon anyway.
Out of sight, out of mind, right?
What about you?
How are you and Hyun Bin doing?
What do you mean?
There's nothing between us.
Congratulations.
I'm glad the Chairman is better.
- My dad complimented me today.
- A compliment?
He was thrilled
when I told him we might get into...
Hyegyeong Department Store.
Way to go.
Honestly, what would you have done
without Pacu Nacho?
Tell me about it.
Are you really going back
after just one year?
Yes. I guess I have to.
Why did you confess to Gong Ju Ah
if you're only staying for a year?
Well...
When I confessed,
I was prepared to stay for good.
For real?
Of course. You think I asked her
to just date me for a year?
Yes. I figured that's why
you got slapped and rejected.
You've had that "just slapped" look
on your face lately.
- Have I, really?
- Yes.
But now, you've got me thinking.
So if things work out
with Gong Ju Ah,
you'll settle down in Korea?
That's all in the past.
Oh, I think we'll have to use plan B
for the premium line model.
You mean Dr. Han Seong Mi?
I thought you'd make her an offer
next week. What happened?
I heard she's not really interested
in doing commercials or modeling.
I just think...
it's going to be too hard
to convince her.
Really?
I guess it can't be helped, then.
One moment.
Good. It's healed up nicely.
That's a relief.
It won't leave a scar.
It's fine.
Are you really okay with us moving?
Yes, but...
can we really afford
to move right now?
Just trust me.
You're married to Han Seong Mi,
remember?
You're right. You're so reliable.
I hit the jackpot marrying you.
Funny, coming from the guy
who wanted a divorce.
You need to sleep for that to heal.
Okay, sleep. Go on.
- Honey.
- Yes?
Thank you.
Do you know today is the first time
you've ever put our family first?
Really?
In that case, tonight...
Do you think I could just
sleep here quietly next to you?
Come on, Seong Mi. Please?
Turn off the light and come to bed.
Okay, I'll be really quiet.
I promise.
First, I'll list the house,
and then the clinic and pharmacy.
- Then...
- Come on.
- Why...
- Good grief.
Why would you put the house
up for sale?
Goodness, why all this fuss so late?
Give it back and go to bed!
No, Mom. Just stop. Besides,
this house is too old to sell.
It doesn't look old at all.
I've put so much love in this house.
Right, that's my point.
So how can you sell a house
you've cherished so much?
I've already made up my mind.
Just do as your brother says.
Come on, Mom. Why is it always
about what my brother says?
Why does he get to make decisions
that are supposedly for my own good?
- Mom, this is blatant favoritism!
- Gosh, be quiet!
You said you feel sick
whenever you see Dong Suk, right?
It's not a stomachache.
It's a heartache.
No, it's really a stomachache.
I'm getting an endoscopy tomorrow.
Imagine how hard it must be
for Dong Suk to see you, too.
Well, whatever.
That's her problem, not mine.
I truly hate you.
I can't even stand to look at you.
Ji Hu.
Yes?
Am I ugly, honey? Hard to look at?
Am I all old and fat?
You're prettier
than all my friends' moms.
Whatever, you're just saying that.
Eun Bin, did you sleep well?
Hyun Bin, you have to do something
about our stepmom.
What is it now,
so early in the morning?
Stepmom kicked Woo Jae's family
out of Onjeong!
- What?
- Ju Ah's family's being kicked out.
Okay, I get it.
- I have to go to work. Bye for now.
- What? Wait...
Hyun Bin! He hung up on me again!
Unbelievable!
Eun Bin, time for breakfast.
I'm not eating! Close the door!
I can't stand you!
You're all in this together!
This house is a nightmare!
Eun Bin says
she's not having breakfast.
We know, Aunt Se Ri.
We heard her yelling from over here.
But she's not doing it
just to get a rise out of you.
Does she actually have feelings
for Jeong Han's son?
It's like we're cursed. Why does
everyone want to be involved...
- with that family so badly?
- Mom.
I don't ever want to see
that family again, even after I die.
Of course.
It's absolutely out of the question.
Actually, Dad called me
yesterday afternoon.
What? Why? What did he say?
He said Uncle Dong Ik
beat him up pretty badly.
Why would you do that?
So what?
Is he going to sue me for assault?
He said he's sorry.
He also said to tell you
he'll send the child support.
He'd better.
Or I'll go kill him myself.
Thanks, everyone.
Don't put it off.
File the papers now, Dong Suk.
I will.
We don't have assets to divide
or anything to negotiate.
Stop picking at your food.
You'll scare away your good fortune.
What good fortune do I even have
to scare away?
Dad, I'm going to take some time off
until they move out.
By the way,
shouldn't she get some therapy?
She'll be right as rain
once that family moves out.
- Our Eun Bin will feel better, too.
- Right.
Them moving out is the cure-all
for this whole family.
Most of all, I'm just so glad
your ordeal is finally over.
I'll never have to unclog a toilet
with my own hands again, right?
Gosh, I never said anything,
but it upset me more than you know.
He swooped in
to meet Councilor Hwang...
and even got your father's vote.
He certainly did.
Gong Jeong Han is anything but fair.
But don't you worry.
That's never going to happen again.
Before that family moves out,
make sure...
you secure the presidency
of the Merchants' Association.
But do you think that jerk
will just hand it over to me?
If he won't hand it over,
take it no matter what.
All right, take a deep breath in.
And breathe out.
All right, good work, everyone.
(Onjeong Market
Merchants' Association)
Here's to another
healthy and prosperous day.
- See you all tomorrow!
- Good work. Go get rich.
Hey, come here for a second.
What now?
When you move out,
- who takes over the association?
- For crying out loud.
I'll check the association's bylaws
and consult with the other officers.
Since you're the vice president,
I'll arrange for you to succeed me.
- Wait, what's the catch?
- What, is it too easy for you?
Hey, Bucket! Jeong Han.
Let's do the coin toss again.
Why would I?
We settled it fair and square.
Hey, Dr. Gong!
Your brother's not making any sense.
What do you mean, not making sense?
My brother obviously let you win,
- you sneaky-looking punk!
- Hey, you little brat.
You need an endoscopy before
the clinic opens, so come quickly!
- Come on.
- I said I want a rematch!
Nurse Oh, put him under, will you?
Seriously, what's gotten into him?
- Let go! Let me go! Hey, Bucket!
- Hey!
Are you happy now that...
- Goodness, come on.
- you've kicked us out? Hey, Bucket!
- You didn't eat. Why so strong?
- Bucket!
This space...
It's been a long time
since I've set foot in here.
I'm sure you heard
we've decided to move.
That must have been
a difficult decision.
The kids insisted on it.
You must feel...
so empty.
Yes, I do.
We've been neighbors,
across from each other for 40 years.
No signs of inflammation.
It looks clean.
The mucosal lining is
a perfect shade of pink.
Are you saying the stomachaches
are actually from heartache?
We still need to check
his colon to be sure,
but I don't see any organic issues.
I'm...
quitting my job at this clinic.
I'm going somewhere else.
Look, Mom, what I mean is...
- Mom, we can't move. Jeong Han.
- Hey.
- You can't close the clinic.
- Hey...
Wait, what's he saying?
- Jin Ah, can we talk for a second?
- Sure.
Gong Jeong Han!
Hey, Gong Jeong Han!
How... how could you...
Onjeong... How could you abandon
Onjeong? Hey, Gong Jeong Han!
Hey! Will you keep it down?
Seriously...
Hey, brother! If you leave,
what about the patients in Onjeong
who all count on you?
How can you just move away?
- Brother...
- Hey, just go back to sleep. Okay?
- Sleep tight. Sleep.
- Brother...
- Go on, get some sleep.
- Yes, sleep.
- Jeong Han.
You can't move.
I'll... I...
I'll move instead, brother.
Brother, I'll move instead.
So you've decided
to leave Onjeong after all.
To be honest,
I always knew this day would come.
I'm sorry for making the decision
without talking to you.
No. You don't have to ask me first.
I'll follow you anywhere.
It might be a lot farther away.
Are you sure you're okay with that?
Of course. I don't mind at all.
I'm worried about the patients,
though.
I know.
I just hope
a good doctor takes over.
So, once
you've wrapped things up here,
are you planning to move
near Dr. Han's clinic?
That's the idea,
but it won't be easy, financially.
Come on,
with Dr. Han being so successful,
you don't need to worry.
Your husband
is also trying very hard.
And his attitude in our sessions
is remarkably different from before.
Yes.
He used to shut down
whenever his family came up,
but now he really tries
to hear me out.
Thank you so much, Doctor.
Remember to use your mood journal
before our next session. Okay?
Okay.
Doctor. To be honest,
I was a little disappointed
when I heard you would be on TV.
- Why? Afraid I would neglect you?
- Yes.
I thought you'd change
once you became famous,
but you're just as attentive
as you've always been,
and I'm so happy about that.
I'm so glad you feel that way.
It makes it all worthwhile.
(Closed for Lunch)
- Are you off to see Director Song?
- Yes. Have a good lunch.
- I'll be back.
- Are you signing the contract?
- For your own show!
- Enjoy your meal.
- Have a good meeting.
- Thanks!
Listen, Seong Mi. We must postpone
the launch of your solo show.
- Oh, really?
- Foreign sales were poor last year,
so the channel's finances
are a little shaky.
As a result, they've put a hold on
all new program launches, but...
don't you worry. I swear,
before the year is out,
I'm going to push through
your solo show.
Is there any chance...
you could draw up the contract
in advance?
Why? Do you need money?
I'm thinking about moving our house
and my husband's clinic...
to somewhere closer to my practice.
Wow, so Gong Jeong Han
finally caved?
Good. It's about time.
But now what?
I already made a big promise,
thinking the deal was guaranteed.
Hey. What are you worried about?
There's only one Dr. Han Seong Mi.
Let's film a commercial.
You've turned down many offers.
What excuse
would I give my patients?
I only did the show
as part of patient care.
Seong Mi.
Back when I first dragged you
onto TV...
Do you know why I reached out to you
out of all the other psychiatrists?
I don't know.
Because I was your first love?
Of course.
I can't say that wasn't part of it.
So what was the real reason?
It's easy to find doctors
who are only in it for the fame.
But you, then and now,
always worry
about your patients first.
Jeong Han isn't the only one
who puts patients first.
You're just like him.
So, what was
that commercial offer I got?
A supplement
for menopausal hair loss?
What?
Mom, you specialize
in mental health.
That's about the mind,
so isn't hair loss
a different field?
Mom, let's talk about this
when you get home.
Okay.
Is Dr. Han doing a commercial?
Yes. I guess
beggars can't be choosers.
Our whole family is depending
on my mom right now.
If her solo show contract's delayed,
we can't afford to move.
Seriously, she'd be
the perfect model for us.
Why did the two families have to
get caught up in a crisis right now?
The feedback from Hyegyeong
was very positive.
Pacu Nacho says you did a great job
in the meeting, Ju Ah.
Thank you, but the real credit
goes to Director Yang.
Nothing's confirmed yet.
The Hyegyeong Product Review
for the first half of the year...
Excuse me.
He was going to say if we pass,
we'll secure a spot in their store.
What's wrong?
Why are you so pitiful and sickly?
I'm sorry.
Oh, boy.
I guess since he lived abroad
for so long,
he's having a hard time adjusting
to the change of seasons in Korea.
He hardly ever gets sick.
Could it be heartache?
Doesn't it look that way
to you too, Ju Ah?
We passed round one, Vice President.
The presentation is scheduled.
How rude of you to just ignore me.
Vice President,
regarding the model you mentioned,
when are we making
the official offer?
Oh, Dr. Han Seong Mi.
Pacu Nacho
put a stop to her casting.
Pardon?
It's a shame.
We'll probably end up
going with another model.
I guess he feels awkward about it,
right?
Yes, of course.
My mom wouldn't have taken
this job anyway.
Come on. Let's explain the situation
to the Director. What do you say?
It looks like he decided without
knowing your family's in a bind.
Forget it. There are
other commercials available.
I'm going to
look into a company loan.
Excuse me, Mr. Park?
Yes?
Can I speak with you for a moment?
Sure.
Don't you say a word. Got it?
Okay.
Yes.
What? What is it?
What's so important that you had to
drag me all the way out here?
Why haven't you been showing up
at the clinic?
What? Is it because
you don't want to see me?
And what business is that of yours?
Is that why you called me here,
to lecture me?
No, that's not it. We're not moving.
- That's what I came to tell you.
- Why not?
Why should we have to?
The adults already decided this.
We're adults, too.
This is between you and me.
We should sort this out ourselves.
No use crying over spilled milk.
You should've reined in your wife.
Hey, what did you just say?
Ouch, my stomach...
Why did you marry a woman like that
who seduces married men?
Hey, are you finished?
Ouch, my stomach...
She ruined my family!
At least have the decency to move!
Hey, keep your voice down!
What if the neighbors hear you?
My stomach...
Seriously, what is with you?
I'm talking here. How rude!
Why are you squirming around
like a dog that has to poop?
It only happens when I see you.
The moment we run into each other...
What are you talking about...
- Seeing me makes you need to poop?
- Yes. Hey, let's talk later...
Let's talk about this later.
What is with him? That's ridiculous.
That was so insulting!
It really hurts!
Hey, during the endoscopy...
Did you poke something wrong?
Hey, stop being such a baby
and just hold still.
Hey. You just saw Dong Suk,
didn't you?
Yes. How did you know?
It's stress.
Psychosomatic stomach pain.
You were fine before you saw her,
weren't you?
What? Gosh, that's ridiculous.
How can my stomach hurt
just from seeing someone?
That's what makes stress so scary.
If you ignore it, it gets serious.
So stop being stubborn
and just agree to the move.
- This is driving me crazy. Really?
- Good grief.
Wait, so if I see Dong Suk...
- It hurts! Hey, just think...
- Stop being so dramatic!
- Just thinking about her hurts...
- For crying out loud.
(Pharmacist Recommended)
What's this?
It's cough medicine.
I figured you might be too busy
to go to the doctor.
If you don't act fast, it'll linger.
Take it with warm water.
You don't have to do all this
for me.
I'd do this much
for any of my colleagues.
No. I'd rather you didn't.
So, are we not even allowed
to be friends?
I just can't be friends
with someone I've had feelings for.
"Had feelings for."
You're so incredibly old-fashioned.
Did you...
come from the Victorian era
or something?
You can't be friends with someone
you used to have feelings for?
You should've told me that
before you confessed.
You should've said if I said no,
we couldn't be friends. Then,
I wouldn't have let you confess,
Director.
Because if you hadn't confessed,
we could've at least stayed friends.
It's not like I turned you down
because I don't like you.
With our families' situation,
I don't have a choice...
You know this is hard for me too,
but I had to. You know that.
- Ju Ah.
- How could you hurt me so much?
It's because
if you're nice to me, I...
I'm afraid it will be
hard for me to move on.
If you keep being so nice,
I'm afraid I'll want more.
And I think that would make things
even harder on you, Ju Ah,
and I don't want to hurt you.
So I'm trying my best right now...
I understand.
I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings.
It's fine.
I was the one who crossed the line.
I'm sorry.
(Gong Myeong Jeong Dae Han Clinic)
(Always Kind Pharmacy)
- I'm going to the Merchants' Hall.
- Okay.
Wait.
What are you looking at?
Are you looking for a new location
for the pharmacy?
Yes, but...
it won't be easy finding someone
to take over the pharmacy.
Tell me about it.
It's the same for the clinic.
And also...
When we move,
I'm not planning on
opening another pharmacy.
Wait, why not?
- You want to retire?
- That's part of it, but...
If we both open new businesses,
it'll be too much of a burden
on Seong Mi.
I know exactly how hard
she works for her money.
Still, Mom, please think
about it a little more.
I will. Now, go on.
You should get going.
Okay.
Here's the member roster,
and this is the dues account book.
And this is the official seal,
so don't lose it.
Here are members with overdue fees.
Try to work it out with them kindly.
Got it.
This has all the official notices
from the local government.
Don't miss any deadlines,
and apply for all eligible grants.
- I got it.
- All right.
Hey, Seong Tae.
Did you ask that junior doctor?
Really?
I thought he wanted his own clinic.
Why, did he say no?
This is a great opportunity.
Have him come and see it, okay?
All the equipment is included.
It's a great turnkey operation.
Man, the people at this market
are so warm and friendly,
and if he were to practice here...
Oh, I see. All right.
Yes, I'd appreciate it
if you'd ask around a little more.
Okay.
Hold on.
Where did I put that
facility safety management manual?
Hey.
Why are you leaving
everything behind?
Aren't you opening a new practice
next to Seong Mi's clinic?
Easy for you to say.
Where am I going to get the money?
I barely have enough for the move.
Oh, here it is. Here you go.
You're going to be in a commercial,
Seong Mi?
Mom, is it for that supplement
you mentioned earlier?
Yes, and Director Song set me up
with other places that contacted me.
But I thought you said
you'd never do any commercials.
Are you only doing it
because you have to?
That's part of it, but...
Now that it's actually happening,
I'm kind of excited.
Honey. Near my clinic,
I found a place that looked good
for you to open your new practice.
Oh, Seong Mi.
I'm not going to open
a new practice.
What?
You're not? Why not?
Even after we move, I feel like
this market still needs a clinic.
So I'll leave everything here,
and I'm thinking of...
just looking for a salaried job
at another hospital.
What do you think, Mom?
Jeong Han.
To be honest, Dad,
it's financially less risky.
But will we find a doctor
to take over our clinic?
Yes, I'm looking into it.
I'll try to find a doctor
passionate about community care.
Okay.
I'll look for hospitals
near wherever we end up moving.
So, Dae Han, you should start
looking for a new clinic, too.
I told the landlord
that we'll be moving out,
but we still have time on our lease,
so if we can't find a new tenant,
we'll probably have to
keep paying the rent ourselves.
Mom. We should just wait.
What's the rush to move out now?
I already told Jeong Han.
Once we move, the pharmacy...
I'm not going to
reopen the pharmacy.
Mom, if you stop working,
you'll get old fast.
I'm already old.
Besides, I deserve a break.
I've always worked and run the home.
It's been hard on me, too.
I mean it.
I agree.
Mother,
you should get some rest now.
Stopping work will make you age?
Who came up with that nonsense?
Tell me about it.
Taking a break is the best.
Right. Anyway...
Since we've all decided
on a fresh start,
let's drop all our baggage
and travel light.
Both physically and emotionally.
All right?
Yes?
Hey, by the way,
why did the Director call you?
He needed some files for a meeting.
Why?
You didn't tell him about my family,
did you?
You told me not to.
You scared me, so I didn't.
I should have, though.
No, I was just wondering if you had.
- Gong Ju Ah.
- Hey, okay, I have to go. Bye.
Yes, Mom?
Didn't you say you had something
to talk to me about after work?
It's not that
I had something specific to say.
I just kind of wanted to talk,
you know?
You silly goose.
If you have nothing to say, I'll go.
Mom, wait.
Any good offers for the commercials?
Anything that caught your eye?
Nothing special.
Mostly for supplements.
I'm meeting advertisers next week.
I'll decide after I meet them.
Hello, this is Han Seong Mi.
I'm sorry, who's calling?
I see. Yes.
Right.
What's going on?
That sounds like a man.
Is it one of the advertisers?
Eun Bin, I'm home.
You're here? Was stepmom so excited
she threw a party?
Yes. You're still in your pajamas.
You skipped lunch, didn't you?
None of your business.
Are you really not going to eat?
Get out!
Nice catch! Here, catch!
Come on!
Get out!
Unbelievable.
There's no one on my side.
No one at all.
My goodness, what a spread.
You didn't seem
to have much appetite,
and Hyun Bin is here, too.
- I'm seeing a lot of you lately.
- I have an errand nearby tomorrow.
Why? You have a problem with that?
Let's eat.
Hyun Bin, once your dad takes over
the Merchants' Association,
he'll get the nomination
and then run for city council.
Nowadays, branding is crucial
even for politicians.
How about you, as a branding expert,
give your father some advice?
Instead of photo-op volunteer work,
do something sincere.
And you call yourself an expert?
What did you even learn
studying abroad?
You're just stating the obvious.
You're in this mess because
you can't even do the obvious.
Just you watch, you little punk.
By the way, Gong Dae Han called me
and said he refuses to move.
My gosh, what are you talking about?
He threw a fit about not moving,
then suddenly had to poop and ran.
Gosh, not while we're eating!
You know
I have a weak stomach, right?
Wait, didn't they promise to move?
They're not backing out, are they?
You haven't heard anything?
It looks like
they're trying to move,
but it seems they're having
some financial trouble.
Gosh, seriously? Dr. Han is on TV
and has published books.
What does she do with all her money?
Right, Hyun Bin?
Shooting commercials would pay more,
but she doesn't have her own show.
Just being a panelist on a show
probably doesn't pay that much.
At this rate, I'm worried
they'll never leave Onjeong.
The psychic told me
to stay away from the Gongs.
Darn it.
Gosh, you're early.
I always arrive right on time.
Being too early makes someone
who is on time feel awkward.
What is it this time?
So uptight.
Here.
This is something special,
just for you, Doctor.
Mabluro Consulting?
They handle real estate for clinics,
so they'll find the perfect buyer.
You seem awfully worried
we'll end up staying in Onjeong.
My, Doctor.
You're less of a doctor
and more of a mind reader.
You're right.
I heard money's a bit tight,
so moving might be difficult.
I genuinely want to help you.
I'd really love for you to move.
We'll be moving, so don't worry.
If you're finished, please leave.
I'm meeting someone here any minute.
Oh, and here he is now.
My goodness, son!
You're meeting...
my son?
I didn't realize
you two were together.
So when you said you had an errand,
you meant meeting with Dr. Han?
Why? What for?
I'll explain at home.
Okay, fine. Then...
I'll be on my way.
See you later.
(Managing Director Yang Hyun Bin,
Taehan Group)
A model?
Ju Ah didn't mention anything to me.
Ju Ah is a designer,
so marketing isn't her department.
Is this for the same reason
as your stepmother's visit?
You want to "help" us because
we're struggling financially?
This was an official decision
made by the board of directors.
I'm sorry.
I've been under a lot of stress
lately.
And I guess
it's made me a bit paranoid.
Not at all.
I apologize on behalf of my family
for their recent behavior.
Since things are awkward between us,
may I ask why you're offering this?
I'm sure there are
plenty of other candidates.
Before making this offer,
I watched all your TV appearances.
There was something you said
on a recent show.
When you were introducing
Gong Ju Ah,
you described her
as a "Fashion Therapist."
- My daughter is a designer.
- What?
She says that in their own way,
designers are healers, too.
They help people's emotional health
by creating clothes that suit them.
A "Fashion Therapist," if you will.
I did say that. I remember now.
Ju Ah often says it herself.
That she's not just making clothes.
She's creating happiness.
A doctor who heals minds...
and a designer
who creates happiness.
Isn't that
what a Fashion Therapist is?
If you were to join us, Doctor...
We could look after the hearts
of those who wear Taehan clothes...
and honor the designer's conviction
to create happiness.
I believe we can convey
all of that together.
I haven't really paid much attention
to what Ju Ah does.
I thought she'd follow our lead
and become a doctor someday.
And that this was just a phase.
Ju Ah...
is so talented, we're lucky
the medical world didn't steal her.
She's one of
Taehan's most valuable assets.
Well, working with Ju Ah...
I suppose that could...
actually be nice.
In that case,
please take a look at this.
(Modeling Contract)
We'll coordinate all the scheduling
around your availability...
to make sure it doesn't interfere
with your work.
Part of the proceeds will be donated
to a mental health support program.
- Really?
- Yes. You'll get the fee upfront.
I can assure you the compensation
is the best in the industry.
Han Seong Mi is modeling for Taehan?
Yes.
My dear sister-in-law
must be so jealous.
Are you upset?
No, it's company business.
I need to keep my emotions aside.
It may be business, but Hyun Bin
is still doing that family a favor.
Tell me about it. It's amazing
how my son and I are so in sync.
I worried for that family.
I'm glad they can afford the move.
But hey, Hyun Bin.
If I ever become famous,
can you get me a modeling gig?
Get famous first, then we'll talk.
Man, if I could just get on TV once,
I could die happy. Right?
On one of those
traditional medicine talk shows.
If I went on a show like that,
I'd take all of Korea by storm.
Of course. The whole nation
would fall in love with you.
Gosh,
why am I not getting any offers?
I want to be on TV.
I'd even settle for radio.
Hello, everyone.
What?
Yes, hello.
What was that?
You're saying the pharmacy space
has been leased?
But how?
They didn't even look at it.
Is another pharmacy moving in
by any chance?
No.
I see. I was really hoping
it would stay a pharmacy.
Actually, ma'am...
The new tenant wants a pharmacy
to remain in that location.
They'd like you to keep running it
until a new pharmacy can move in,
and even offered to pay the rent
in the meantime.
My goodness.
No, I mean...
Who's this person to be so generous?
They're a long-time local resident.
For the market seniors' convenience,
they said they insist on doing it.
And they offered to pay a premium
for the location.
My gosh, are you serious?
I don't know who it is, but...
I'm so incredibly grateful.
Okay, then. Take care.
The talk went well.
Make sure you keep it a secret
that I'm the one leasing it.
Yes, sir.
You can just wire the deposit
to this account.
If I find a buyer for the pharmacy,
I'll connect them to you right away,
and until then, you'll pay the rent.
Correct?
Don't ask me again.
Take care, sir.
What? The clothes that you made?
Our Seong Mi is going to wear them?
It's not just me.
We're all working on it together.
- Right, but still...
- You really had no idea?
No, I figured
the Director wouldn't suggest it...
since it could be awkward
with our family history.
We're so grateful,
especially in a crisis like this.
What are you talking about?
Our Seong Mi is the one helping out.
Taehan should be thanking her.
- He's right.
- Honey, this is just wonderful.
Our Seong Mi, in a fashion show,
wearing an outfit by our Ju Ah.
I'm so happy just thinking about it.
Your grandma can come watch, right?
Of course.
I'll get you a front-row seat.
I think I'm going to tear up.
Honey, I guess
you can't tell Ju Ah...
to give up on being a designer now,
can you?
I guess not.
I guess all I can do is pin my hopes
on Woo Jae now.
How about I grab some beers
so we can make a toast?
The pharmacy's taken care of,
and Mom's job is settled.
Wait, but that's not all.
I've also found a new doctor
for our clinic.
- My goodness.
- Really? When?
- Really? Are you serious?
- Yes. Retired from Icheon Hospital.
Dr. Jo Tae Gwan.
He reached out and said he wanted
to work in an underserved area.
My, son, that's wonderful news.
He said he's coming
to the clinic next week.
- Uncle.
- Yes?
So you changed your mind
about moving?
What can you do?
You've got to go with the flow.
But let's say
I'm walking down the street...
and run into Dong Suk again.
The second I see her face,
I might literally poop my pants.
I could totally see that happening.
Mom, won't it be awkward
working with the Director?
I must say,
Bucket's son is a nice guy.
- He has such a way with words.
- Is he as good as I am?
That's right. He's just as charming
as my Woo Jae.
What? Will you listen to her?
Maybe it's because
he wasn't raised by Bucket.
He turned out well.
What's this? I thought you wanted
to find someone besides Dr. Han.
You're telling me
you signed her over the weekend?
She was getting many offers
from other brands.
I feared we'd lose her if we waited,
so I moved fast to lock her in.
But doesn't that put us over budget?
On top of that, an advance payment?
That's what it took to get her.
Don't worry. Just trust me.
She'll boost our brand's value
far beyond our investment.
Your mother will open the show
wearing the outfit you designed.
Then you two will bow at the finale.
I thought it'd be a great moment.
Goodness.
He said my being nice
was making it hard for him.
So why is he being nice?
He's making it impossible
to move on.
(Taehan Group)
My gosh.
Hey, hold on.
- What is it?
- Why did you pay it all at once?
Are you trying
to get on my mom's good side?
What are you talking about?
It wasn't a personal favor.
This is coming from the guy
who gave me a hard time...
for buying him cold medicine?
- Excuse me, Ms. Gong Ju Ah.
- What? Pulling the Director card?
Unbelievable.
Yang Hyun Bin.
This isn't the office.
Thanks to you, my dream came true,
and my family gets to move.
Thank you.
Director.
My gosh.
Is it true that
Dr. Gong's family is moving?
Yes, they're moving everything,
even the clinic,
which means the association's
presidency will go to Dr. Yang.
Councilor Hwang
will be disappointed.
He tried hard to win over Dr. Gong.
Well, for me, it's a huge relief.
With him out of the picture,
we're next in line, right?
You really have no pride, do you?
That's right, I don't.
Pride won't make me
a councilor's wife.
Oh, right.
- I have some good news for you.
- What?
- What is it?
- Councilor Hwang's daughter...
wants your son's number.
- My gosh, really?
- Yes.
Why? I heard his wife
was absolutely furious.
She's headstrong and
does whatever she wants.
She seemed interested when she heard
he's a director at Taehan Group.
My goodness, what do I do?
It's good luck to avoid the Gongs.
Gosh, I'm so happy!
Director.
I'll practice my presentation.
Could you give me some feedback?
Sure, just let me know when,
and I'll make time.
Okay.
What?
Oh, one moment...
- Go ahead, take it. I don't mind.
- Oh, okay.
Yes, stepmother, what is it?
A blind date?
(Fantom)
He wouldn't go on a blind date,
would he?
(Taehan Group)
I don't do blind dates.
I'm going back to Argentina
in one year.
Just meet her once.
Please do that for me, okay?
She's tied to your dad's business.
I'm asking you, Hyun Bin. Please.
Oh, boy...
Man, I should've left before eating.
I still feel weird about it.
Why make us order the same dish?
Even the Koreas aren't unified yet.
But I saw a glimmer of hope.
What? Hope for reunification?
Between you and the Director,
I mean.
Hey, didn't you say
your mom likes the Director?
It means she's comfortable enough
to work with him, that's all.
You know, he's kind of cute.
He says it's professional,
but he swooped in to save you.
Man, that's some pure devotion.
Right? A truly devoted man.
It's not exactly pure devotion,
and I don't think
he's the devoted type.
What? What's with that two-shot?
A blind date.
For real?
Why do I find this so ridiculous?
Hey, if I'm this baffled,
I can only imagine how you feel.
Wow, I'm really disappointed
in the Director.
Hey.
You seem surprised
that I showed up unannounced.
I guess this is how
blind dates work these days.
I'm a little thrown off
by you coming to my office.
I was in the neighborhood.
And I was also curious...
to see how you'd react
if I just showed up.
I'm not sure what you've heard,
but I'm planning to return
to Argentina in one year.
That's great.
Then why don't we date
for just one year?
No. There's someone I like.
Your mother...
didn't seem to know
anything about that.
Since I'm only here for one year,
I'm just admiring her from afar.
So devoted.
You're just my type.
If he wasn't sure of his feelings,
why would he help me?
He said it was hard to move on,
so how can he do that so soon?
Seriously.
This is ridiculous, I swear.
I mean...
Why am I so upset?
It's not like
we're anything to each other.
The house gets plenty of sun,
the yard is spacious...
It's perfect.
- I know, Chief. They're rare.
- Tell me about it.
- This is a great place to work out.
- Hey, look at the vegetable garden.
We can plant peppers and lettuce.
That'd be nice, right?
- You should plant tomatoes, too.
- Of course.
I'm so glad you like it.
My wife has always dreamed
of having her own vegetable garden.
Yes. Since it gets so much sun,
anything you plant in the spring
should grow really well.
We had to keep it quiet,
so I asked through my contacts,
and what do you know?
The Chief was moving to Onjeong.
Right. I was surprised to find out
that you were the one...
coming to see the house, Chief.
Yes. My mother-in-law lives
pretty far from here.
Her health has worsened recently.
It's too far for us to visit often,
so we decided it was time
for her to come and live with us.
Your mother-in-law must be thrilled.
I hope so.
- Would you like to look inside?
- Yes.
Chief, are you serious?
I can really have the room upstairs?
Of course. Hey, it's way better
than that tiny room you had, right?
Are you kidding me? It's way better.
And it's near the substation, too.
- Yes.
- But you must be sad.
Even after you move,
I hope you'll think of this as home.
Feel free to stop by anytime.
I poured so much love
into this house,
so I was worried
I'd be heartbroken to leave.
But knowing a kind person like you
is moving in...
really puts my heart at ease.
- My goodness.
- The upstairs is really nice.
What are you doing here all alone?
What are you doing here?
I was heading home from work
and saw the light was on.
Oh, well...
I was just getting things ready
for the new doctor to take over.
Tomorrow's the clinic's
40th anniversary, isn't it?
Yes.
Tomorrow,
I'll have to tell the patients...
that we're leaving.
Are you taking this hard?
Seong Mi.
What's gotten into you?
You've been through so much
on your own all this time.
From now on, so my successful
Seong Mi can go even further,
I'll take good care of our family...
and be the most supportive husband
I can be.
My success is all because of you.
Isn't it thanks to my mom?
If I hadn't met you,
how would I have met your mother?
You've got a point.
Come here. Let me give you a hug.
My, what an unexpected treat!
My goodness.
It's a relief that the police chief
is the one moving in.
Is it...
really okay for me
to do this on my own?
You're asking that now,
after you've already sold the house?
I'm just worried because I did this
without telling your father.
What's there to discuss?
Grandfather left this house to you.
Besides, Dad does whatever he wants.
Why shouldn't you?
I guess you're right.
Just do whatever you want.
All of it.
That spring, when forsythias bloomed
all along the wall,
was when I first came to this house.
So much laughter, tears, joy,
and sorrow...
have all been shared
under this roof.
And today,
this house, which held the memory
of the years you were gone...
I have decided to leave it behind.
Please, I hope you're not
disappointed in me.
(Onjeong Market
Merchants' Association)
(Onjeong News)
(A Friendship
Spanning Half a Century)
(Power Duo Leading Onjeong Market)
"A Friendship
Spanning Half a Century,"
"Power Duo Leading Onjeong Market."
They look like total besties
in the photo.
It doesn't do me justice.
They should've used a better photo.
How old is this photo anyway?
"Leading the 16th Onjeong Market
Merchants' Association..."
"are President Gong Jeong Han
and Vice President Yang Dong Ik..."
Actually,
he's the President now, Dong Suk.
"Childhood friends
for over 50 years,"
"they have faced everything
together."
Those were the days.
"Their long-standing friendship
and memories..."
"transcend the history
of Onjeong Market."
"Moving forward,
they will remain..."
"each other's
most steadfast companions."
It really doesn't do me justice.
But hey, it's a good picture.
That punk Jeong Han looks better,
though.
Maybe
I should just cut him out of it.
(Doctor of Korean Medicine,
Yang Dong Ik)
Yes, this is Dr. Yang Dong Ik.
A TV station?
From the show "Human Theater"?
I'm a huge fan of that show!
What's this about?
Oh, you saw the local paper?
You did. I see.
You want me on the show? Me?
Me?
Yes! Of course, I'll do it.
Hold on a second.
Am I dreaming?
Is this really happening?
Yes! Of course, I'll do it.
What? There's a condition?
What is it? Tell me anything.
I'm all ears.
- He's coming.
- My gosh.
Gosh, you scared me.
- Oh, you shouldn't have.
- Congratulations.
- Goodness.
Thank you.
Gosh, what's all this?
- I'm speechless.
- How did you have time for this?
All right. Congratulations
on your 40th anniversary!
- Congratulations.
(Thank you!)
(Dr. Gong Jeong Han)
Okay, let's talk again soon.
Thank you. Bye.
Yes, we'll be in touch.
Yes! Nice!
Gong Jeong Han...
That punk...
Blow them out.
(Happy 40th Anniversary!)
I'm so overwhelmed.
My palms are sweating.
Okay.
Well, I have some difficult news
to share today.
What am I going to do?
Hey, what's with you?
- Are you crying?
- I think the Doctor's crying.
Oh, my brother is
just moved to tears.
Yes, he's just really touched.
Let's give him a round of applause!
Don't cry.
Right.
Thank you all so much.
Sometimes like family,
other times like friends,
you've always shown me
such warm love and encouragement.
I believe that's how this clinic
and I have both made it this far.
But on a day like today,
it really pains me
to be the one to bring this up.
What's going on?
The clinic
I have poured my heart into...
The Gong Myeong
Jeong Dae Han Clinic.
I will now have to...
- let it become a part of...
- Hold on!
(Happy 40th Anniversary!)
Dramaday.me